com/wuwei/dgs/service/MovieService.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.service.MovieService
com/wuwei/dgs/constants/DgsConstants.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$DIRECTOR
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$MOVIE
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$MOVIE2
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$MOVIEEDGE
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$MOVIESCONNECTION
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$NODE
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$PAGEINFO
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$PAGELIST
 com.wuwei.dgs.constants.DgsConstants$QUERY
com/wuwei/dgs/datafetchers/DirectorSDataFetcher.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.datafetchers.DirectorSDataFetcher
com/wuwei/dgs/types/Movie2.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Movie2
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Movie2$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/types/PageList.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.PageList
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.PageList$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/service/MultipleDirectorService.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.service.MultipleDirectorService
com/wuwei/dgs/client/PageMoviesMoviesProjection.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesMoviesProjection
com/wuwei/dgs/client/PageMoviesProjectionRoot.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesProjectionRoot
com/wuwei/dgs/types/MovieEdge.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.MovieEdge
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.MovieEdge$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/dataloaders/DirectorsDataLoader.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.dataloaders.DirectorsDataLoader
com/wuwei/dgs/client/PageMoviesGraphQLQuery.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesGraphQLQuery
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesGraphQLQuery$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/client/PageMoviesMoviesDirectorProjection.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesMoviesDirectorProjection
com/wuwei/dgs/types/MoviesConnection.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.MoviesConnection
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.MoviesConnection$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/client/MoviesWithMultipleDirectorDirectorsProjection.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.MoviesWithMultipleDirectorDirectorsProjection
com/wuwei/dgs/service/DirectorService.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.service.DirectorService
com/wuwei/dgs/client/MoviesWithMultipleDirectorProjectionRoot.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.MoviesWithMultipleDirectorProjectionRoot
com/wuwei/dgs/types/PageInfo.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.PageInfo
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.PageInfo$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/AsyncDataFetchingApplication.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.AsyncDataFetchingApplication
com/wuwei/dgs/client/MoviesWithMultipleDirectorGraphQLQuery.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.MoviesWithMultipleDirectorGraphQLQuery
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.MoviesWithMultipleDirectorGraphQLQuery$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/dataloaders/MultipleDirectorsDataLoader.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.dataloaders.MultipleDirectorsDataLoader
com/wuwei/dgs/types/Movie.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Movie
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Movie$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/datafetchers/DirectorDataFetcher.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.datafetchers.DirectorDataFetcher
com/wuwei/dgs/types/Node.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Node
com/wuwei/dgs/datafetchers/Movies2DataFetcher.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.datafetchers.Movies2DataFetcher
com/wuwei/dgs/client/PageMoviesPageInfoProjection.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.client.PageMoviesPageInfoProjection
com/wuwei/dgs/datafetchers/MoviesDataFetcher.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.datafetchers.MoviesDataFetcher
com/wuwei/dgs/types/Director.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Director
 com.wuwei.dgs.types.Director$Builder
com/wuwei/dgs/datafetchers/PageMoviesDataFetcher.java
 com.wuwei.dgs.datafetchers.PageMoviesDataFetcher
